Mr. Xiao, this card is real. What? Really?
Is this card real?
Could it be that he is from the Jiang family?
That’s it. Wasn’t the discussion we just made a little loud?
How is it? Did you see it?
I also said that the woman should come over and call twice.
Even if this card is genuine, how can you prove this card?
It's yours!
Maybe you were the one who cheated and deceived yourself,
Let's go into Jiang's house and steal it!
Yes, I have never heard of this eldest lady in the Jiang family.
Looking at her like that, she can't really be a thief, right?
Even if you didn't steal it,
Couldn't you have picked it up?
Do you think this is your trick?
You can do it again if you can deceive all of us.
They are all respectable people from Linjiang Province.
you can ask
Do any of them know you?
You have such a tough mouth
You first pretended to be from the Jiang family
Come and show off
Then he randomly called the driver
Then disrupt our venue
Who supported you?
How dare you smash our Mr. Xiao’s factory?
Even if you are from the Jiang family
If you don’t have an invitation card
Please leave first to see the guests off.
This diamond ring
Photographed by Mr. Zhao of Zhao Group. Congratulations, congratulations, wait a minute.
This is my invitation card
Let go of my Mrs. Sun